good afternoon and welcome it's an honor
to be here in Cologne Germany for
gamescom 2014
there's another type of person
you know what happens to them
this crossed
we become hue meant to be
hello games come I'm some lake from
remedy and this for the first time ever
is quantum break time amplified action
gameplay
full I helos came
for heroes were conquered
ah
your friends driver tires explore the
open world with you even when they
aren't online you can challenge them to
street races or follow them to hidden
secrets in the world rivals challenges
and speed cameras allow you to compete
with your friends asynchronously and at
any point you can pull up the map and
see where your friends are online and
what they're doing
they had just given me a bit more time
to research over Tars I'm sure I want to
figure it out it would do this or that
and that definitely probably would have
caught it offers a big news is my
pleasure to officially announce the xbox
one special edition sunset overdrive
bundle now that's a big name but it's a
big bundle
any time you're putting something out
there that you're working so hard on
it's always nerve-racking to have the
first time anybody gets hands-on with
that experience but it's also
invigorating and so we're all just
really excited to get online and play
with the fans and hear their feedback to
help make halo 5 Guardians the best game
it can possibly be the halo channel is
an all new interactive digital network
on xbox one and windows giving users the
ability to watch original content like
Halo nightfall explored the universe or
seamlessly join friends across any game
on xbox one our goal today was to show
you our continued commitment to make
Xbox one the best place to play games
this holiday games like Assassin's Creed
unity call of duty advanced warfare FIFA
15 grand theft auto 5 destiny minecraft
sunset overdrive Forza horizon 2 halo
the master chief collection and more we
also announced three exclusive holiday
bundles that represent incredible value
and choice for Xbox fans the call of
duty advanced warfare bundle the sunset
overdrive white console and for fans
here in Europe FIFA 15 all three bundles
are available for pre-order today